alright next year we're gonna do there's
going to be more jumping stick this
particular one is a one-foot jumping
stick so it's going to be left leg and
right leg only is super important to
take your time don't be in a rush this
is not bounding this is jump and stick
that's the name of the exercise so most
important is to use our arms so if we
are on our left foot use our arms to
it up use our arms that
stabilize when we come down a keep our
arms and L just like if we were running
you want to have good arms so we're
going to come up bring it up and over
and stick so Paul go ahead start with
your right foot and up and go you see
he's getting his balance before he makes
his next jump he's your own good take
your time for
we're going to come back on your left go
home left up take your time son go use
your arms land in your tub go hey name
in our toes to get our balance use your
own fault get yourself up in the air
hate you like a grill
you